Add Plots recipes (#82)
invenia/Intervals.jl: docs/src/index.md

2013-02-13T01:00:00-06:00
```

### Plotting
`AbstractInterval` subtypes can be plotted with [Plots.jl](https://github.com/JuliaPlots/Plots.jl).

```julia
julia> using Plots

julia> start_dt = DateTime(2017,1,1,0,0,0);

julia> end_dt = DateTime(2017,1,1,10,30,0);

julia> datetimes = start_dt:Hour(1):end_dt
2017-01-01T00:00:00:1 hour:2017-01-01T10:00:00

julia> intervals = HE.(datetimes);

julia> plot(intervals, 1:11)
```

> ![plot](../../test/references/HE.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![plot](/test/references/HE.png)
```

Reviewer: Do you want to update this?

> In the plot, inclusive boundries are marked with a vertical bar, where as exclusive boundries just end.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the plot, inclusive boundaries are marked with a vertical bar, whereas exclusive boundaries just end.
```
